docs: Update positioning in README and SKILL.md (#10)
paradedb/agent-skills: README.md

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://paradedb.com">
    <picture align=center>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb/raw/main/docs/logo/paradedb-logo-dark-large.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb/raw/main/docs/logo/paradedb-logo-light-large.svg">
      <img alt="The ParadeDB logo." src="https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb/raw/main/docs/logo/paradedb-logo-light-large.svg">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Search without a second system.</b><br/>
  One Postgres for your application data, full-text search, vector retrieval, and aggregations.
</p>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="https://paradedb.com">Website</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://docs.paradedb.com">Docs</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://paradedb.com/slack">Community</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://paradedb.com/blog/">Blog</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://docs.paradedb.com/changelog/">Changelog</a>
</h3>

---

# ParadeDB Agent Skill

> An AI agent skill for [ParadeDB](https://paradedb.com) - Elasticsearch-quality full-text search, vector retrieval, and aggregations in Postgres. Once installed, the skill activates when you ask your agent about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An AI agent skill for [ParadeDB](https://paradedb.com) - One Postgres for your application data, full-text search, vector retrieval, and aggregations.. Once installed, the skill activates when you ask your agent about:
```
